1. A POJO is an object created from a class that is not extended or any framework extension.
2. A Entity is a POJO. Entity is a class.
3. If we want to do the part relevant to JPA or database access part, We should say what are the entities to the project.
4. When we put @Entity annotation, a table is created in the relevant entity name in the database. (E.g.:- Customer table creation)
5. Database table is an Entity.
6. A database table is represented within a project in a package called entity. Otherwise we can call it as a model.
7. It hides the environment like web xml, Dispatcher Servlet, Request and Response, Client-Server architecture. It was performed by the Spring Boot framework.
8. It hides the web xml, Dispatcher Servlet related environment, that is, things related to Requests & Responses, things that need to be fulfilled in the Client-Server architecture. It is performed by the Spring Boot framework. Those are done by the dependencies like web dependency.
9. Tomcat is a embedded server.
10. Architecture is about making it easy to code, enabling component reuse, and achieving high performance by using the OOP concept without coding a lot of code to streamline the project.
11. In the class naming convention, first letter of the name must necessarily be capital. If there are several words for the class name each words must be written together and first letter of the each words must be capitalized.
12. Swagger is used as a frontend to send api requests to the backend.
13. http://localhost:  :- This means your project. localhost is your laptop.
14. After any change has been made, there it must delete the orange color target folder. This is a good practice. After the project was rerun, it builds the target folder again. It is good to delete the target folder because there are some situations that the project get stuck because of this target folder.
15. When this project is run, it updates changes in the existing target folder. But it is good to delete and run the project.
16. There are some situations like that it does not build the project or the target folder when changing fields in entities. Then, the errors that come up will be undetectable.
17. Request from the frontend must be sent with the data related to the CustomerDTO.
18. It is not practical to send an active state from the frontend. We can put what we want to the backend instead of what comes from the frontend. But it is not practical.
19. Frontend also has a DTO has attributes in the same field names in the backend.
---- Postman ----
20. Inside the JSON object, it first has the key or the variable name inside the "". Then it has the value related to it inside "".
21. Inverted commas("") must be in the keys' side. It means that keys must be written inside the "". Inverted commas("") must be there if it is a string in the values' side. It means that only the string values must be written inside the "".
22. customerId is set by the backend. But in here, we give it manually because it needs to be send but it is generated by the backend.
23. To send double data, it is necessary to put numbers after the decimal point.
24. ArrayList data are sent in this way. :- ["0702893835","0726326935"]
25. As the next steps :-
	i. Request has come to the controller layer should be send to the service layer.
	ii. What it really need to do here is access something in the service from the controller class.
26. Database is accessed through repository layer to enter the data are keeping in the Service layer.
27. We must not use new versions of Java. Because configurations and third-party dependencies will not support for those new Java versions.